{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f32\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f33\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f35\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f36\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f37\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f38\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f39\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f40\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f41\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f43\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f44\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f45\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f46\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 
Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 footnote text;}{\*\cs16 \additive \super \sbasedon10 
footnote reference;}{\*\cs17 \additive \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}}{\info{\author Travis Cobbs}{\operator Travis Cobbs}{\creatim\yr2001\mo12\dy16\hr17\min50}{\revtim\yr2007\mo4\dy7\hr16\min57}{\version76}{\edmins156}{\nofpages39}{\nofwords1447}
{\nofchars8251}{\*\company  }{\nofcharsws10132}{\vern8269}}\paperh5760 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_LIGHTING_BOX}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Lighting}{\f1 
\par Lighting-related settings\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_LIGHTING}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Lighting }{
\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 On}{\f1 )
\par Enabling this option enables lighting.  If you disable lighting, it is strongly recommended that you enable edge lines, unless you are in wireframe mode.  (Both edge lines and wireframe mode are on the Geometry tab.)\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_LIGHTING_QUALITY}}}{\b\f1\fs22 High quality }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 Off}{\f1 )
\par This option is only available if lighting is enabled.  Selecting this enables high quality lighting.  The easiest way to see the difference between having this option on and off is with a baseplate.  If you
 angle a baseplate until the specular highlight becomes visible (it gets shiny), and then switch back and forth, you will see that the highlight is located in a specific location when high quality lighting is enabled, and covers the entire surface when it
 is disabled.  Enabling this can significantly decrease performance, especially with large models.}{
\par }{\f1 \page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_LIGHTING_SUBDUED}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Subdued }{\f1 (Default: 
}{\i\f1 Off}{\f1 )
\par This option is only available if lighting is enabled.  Selecting this sets the lighting to a subdued level.  Subdued lighting is abou
t halfway in between standard lighting and no lighting at all.  This can produce nice results when edge lines are enabled (from the Geometry tab).\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_SPECULAR}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Specular highlight }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 On}{\f1 )
\par This option is only available if lighting is enabled.  Selecting this turns on the specular highlight.  This causes the model to appear shiny.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_ALTERNATE_LIGHTING}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Alternate setup }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 Off}{\f1 )
\par This option is only available if lighting is enabled.  Selecting this causes LDView to use an alternate lighting setup, which may improve performance on som
e video cards, but will more likely decrease performance.  The alternate setup is used automatically when specular highlight is enabled, whether or not this option is enabled, since specular highlight only works properly with the alternate setup.\page }{
\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_LIGHT_DIR}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Light direction}{\f1 
\par Set the direction the light comes from to a pre-set angle.
\par Please note: you can set the direction light comes from to any arbitrary angle by holding down shift, then clicking and holding the left mouse button, then dragging with the mouse in the ma
in view window.  If you do this, none of the pre-set light direction buttons will be highlighted.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDR_LIGHT_ANGLE_UL}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Upper left }{\f1 (Default?: }{\i\f1 No}{\f1 )
\par Set the light direction to come from the upper left.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1 
 HIDR_LIGHT_ANGLE_UM}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Above }{\f1 (Default?: }{\i\f1 No}{\f1 )
\par Set the light direction to come from above.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDR_LIGHT_ANGLE_UR}}}{
\b\f1\fs22 Upper right }{\f1 (Default?: }{\i\f1 No}{\f1 )
\par Set the light direction to come from the upper right.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1 
 HIDR_LIGHT_ANGLE_ML}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Left }{\f1 (Default?: }{\i\f1 No}{\f1 )
\par Set the light direction to come from the left.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDR_LIGHT_ANGLE_MM}
}}{\b\f1\fs22 Middle }{\f1 (Default?: }{\i\f1 Yes}{\f1 )
\par Set the light direction to come from the middle (always pointing in exactly the same direction the camera is pointing).\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDR_LIGHT_ANGLE_MR}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Right }{\f1 (Default?: }{\i\f1 No}{\f1 )
\par Set the light direction to come from the right.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDR_LIGHT_ANGLE_LL
}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Lower left }{\f1 (Default?: }{\i\f1 No}{\f1 )
\par Set the light direction to come from the lower left.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1 
 HIDR_LIGHT_ANGLE_LM}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Below }{\f1 (Default?: }{\i\f1 No}{\f1 )
\par Set the light direction to come from below.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDR_LIGHT_ANGLE_LR}}}{
\b\f1\fs22 Lower right }{\f1 (Default?: }{\i\f1 No}{\f1 )
\par Set the light direction to come from the lower right.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1 
 HIDC_DRAW_LIGHT_DATS}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Use LIGHT.DAT lights }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 On}{\f1 )
\par This option is only available if lighting is enabled.  Selecting this causes LDView to put point light sources in the scene in the locations where LIGHT
.DAT is used as a part.  LDView uses the color assigned to the light part as the color for the light source.  Note that at most 8 lights will be shown by LDView (the first 8 in the file), and if the video card doesn}{'}{\f1 t
 support 8, then less will be shown.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_OPTIONAL_STANDARD_LIGHT}}
}{\b\f1\fs22 Replace standard light }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 On}{\f1 )
\par This option is only available if lighting is enabled and }{\i\f1 Use LIGHT.DAT lights}{\f1  is checked.  Selecting this causes LDView to not use its standard light source any time a model is loaded that contains one or more LIGHT.DAT parts.  Mode
ls that don}{'}{\f1 t contain any LIGHT.DAT parts will still be illuminated using the
 standard light source.  Note that using both LIGHT.DAT lights and the standard light source will often result in too much light, leading to a kind of overexposure effect.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_HIDE_LIGHT_DAT}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Hide LIGHT.DAT geometry }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 Off}{\f1 )
\par Selecting this causes LDView to not display the geometry from LIGHT.DAT parts.  Since the geometry is a small set of 3D coordinate axes, you often don}{'}{\f1 t want to see it.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_STEREO_BOX}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Stereo}{\f1 
\par Stereo-related settings\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_STEREO}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Stereo }{\f1 
(Default: }{\i\f1 Off}{\f1 )
\par Enabling this option turns on stereo mode.  Stereo mode draws two images: a slightly different one for each eye.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_CROSS_EYED_STEREO}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Cross-eyed }{\f1 (Default?: }{\i\f1 Yes}{\f1 )
\par This option is only available if stereo is enabled.  Selecting this sets the stereo mode to cross-eyed stereo.
  The two images are drawn side by side, with the image for the right eye on the left and the image for the left eye on the right.  By crossing your eyes and then focusing, you can see a stereoscopic image.  Many people find it difficult or even impossibl
e to focus with their eyes crossed.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_PARALLEL_STEREO}}}{
\b\f1\fs22 Parallel }{\f1 (Default?: }{\i\f1 No}{\f1 )
\par This option is only available if stereo is enabled.  Selecting this sets the stereo mode to parallel stereo.  The two images are drawn side by side, with the image for the right eye on the right a
nd the image for the left eye on the left.  By looking in the distance and then focusing, you can see a stereoscopic image.  This will only work if the distance between the two images is no greater than the distance between your eyes, so the window will n
eed to be kept fairly narrow.  Many people find it difficult or even impossible to look at an image in this way and then focus.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_STEREO_SPACING_LABEL}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Amount }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 50%}{\f1 )
\par This option is only available if stereo is enabled.  The slider controls the stereo spacing.  A small valu
e will result in a very subtle stereoscopic effect, as if you were looking at a very large object from a very long distance.  (The minimum value results in no stereoscopic effect at all.)  A large value will result in a pronounced stereoscopic effect, as 
if you were looking at a small object from a very short distance.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1 
 HIDC_STEREO_SPACING}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Amount }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 50%}{\f1 )
\par This option is only available if stereo is enabled.  The slider controls the stereo spacing.  A small value will result in a very subtle stereoscopic effect, as if you 
were looking at a very large object from a very long distance.  (The minimum value results in no stereoscopic effect at all.)  A large value will result in a pronounced stereoscopic effect, as if you were looking at a small object from a very short distan
ce.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_CUTAWAY_BOX}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Wireframe cutaway}{\f1 
\par Wireframe cutaway-related options.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_CUTAWAY}}}{\b\f1\fs22 
Wireframe cutaway}{\f1\fs22  }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 Off}{\f1 )
\par Enabling this option causes the cutaway portion of the model to be drawn in wireframe.  Hold down the Control key and click and drag up with the right mouse button t
o increase the amount of the model that is cut away.  Control right drag down to decrease the cutaway amount.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_CUTAWAY_COLOR}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Color}{\f1\fs22  }{\f1 (Default?: }{\i\f1 Yes}{\f1 )
\par This option is only available if wireframe cutaway is enabled.  Selecting it causes the wireframe cutaway to be drawn in color.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_CUTAWAY_MONOCHROME}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Monochrome}{\f1\fs22  }{\f1 (Default?: }{\i\f1 No}{\f1 )
\par This option is only available if wireframe cutaway is enabled.  Selecting it causes the wireframe cutaway to be drawn in monochrome.  This isn}{'}{\f1 t available on all graphics cards.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_CUTAWAY_OPACITY_LABEL}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Opacity}{\f1\fs22  }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 100%}{\f1 )
\par This option is only a
vailable if wireframe cutaway is enabled.  The slider controls the opacity of the wireframe cutaway.  When Color is selected as the type of wireframe cutaway to draw this may be fixed at 100% on some graphics cards.  Also, when color is selected and sort 
is not selected in the transparency box, transparent pieces will ignore the opacity setting and be drawn with the standard opacity for transparent pieces.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_CUTAWAY_OPACITY}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Opacity}{\f1\fs22  }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 100%}{\f1 )
\par This option is only available if wireframe cutaway is enabled.  The slider co
ntrols the opacity of the wireframe cutaway.  When Color is selected as the type of wireframe cutaway to draw this may be fixed at 100% on some graphics cards.  Also, when color is selected and sort is not selected in the transparency box, transparent pie
ces will ignore the opacity setting and be drawn with the standard opacity setting for transparent pieces.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_CUTAWAY_THICKNESS_LABEL}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Thickness}{\f1\fs22  }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 0%}{\f1 )
\par This option is only available if wireframe cutaway is enabled.  The slider controls the thickness of the lines in the wireframe cutaway.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_CUTAWAY_THICKNESS}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Thickness}{\f1\fs22  }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 0%}{\f1 )
\par This option is only available if wireframe cutaway is enabled.  The slider controls the thickness of the lines in the wireframe cutaway.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_TRANSPARENCY_BOX}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Transparency}{\f1 
\par Transparency-related options.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_SORT}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Sort }{\f1 
(Default: }{\i\f1 Off}{\f1 )
\par Enabling this option causes transparent shapes to be drawn in back-to-front order in order to produce a correct result.  If they aren}{'}{\f1 
t sorted, distant transparent shapes can end up being drawn as if they were in front of less distant transparent shapes.  Unfortunately, this can cause a significant slowdown in some models.  This option is mutually exclusive with the stipple option.
\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_STIPPLE}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Stipple }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 Off}{
\f1 )
\par Enabling this option causes transparent shapes to be drawn using a stipple (checkerboard) pattern.  This may be signific
antly faster on some video hardware, but with potentially reduced quality.  Using the stipple pattern totally eliminates the errors that may occur where far transparent objects are drawn in front of closer ones.  This option is mutually exclusive with the
 sort option.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_FLAT_SHADING}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Flat shading }{\f1 
(Default: }{\i\f1 Off}{\f1 )
\par Enabling this option causes flat shading to be used.  Note that while flat shading is less complicated to draw, with a modern 3D accelerator this will not likely improve the performance at all. Flat shading will on
ly likely provide a visual difference if you have either high quality lighting or primitive substitution (on the Geometry tab) enabled, in which case turning on flat shading can produce odd results.  This option is mutually exclusive with the smooth curve
s option.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_SMOOTH_CURVES}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Smooth curves }{\f1 
(Default: }{\i\f1 On}{\f1 )
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1 
Enabling this option causes curved surfaces to be shaded as curved surfaces instead of as facets.  Since this relies on information in the LDraw model file that was originally designed for a different purpose, not all 
curved surfaces will be effected.  This option is mutually exclusive with the flat shading option.
\par \page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_EFFECTS_RESET}}}{\b\f1\fs22  Reset}{
\par }{\f1 This resets all the Effects preferences to their default values.  As with all other preference changes, you must hit OK or Apply for the reset values to go into effect.
\par }}