{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}{\f32\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f33\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f35\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f36\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f37\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f38\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f39\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f40\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f41\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f43\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f44\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f45\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\f46\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 footnote text;}{\*\cs16 \additive \super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}}{\info{\title HIDC_FSAA}{\author Travis Cobbs}{\operator Travis Cobbs}
{\creatim\yr2001\mo12\dy15\hr21\min25}{\revtim\yr2006\mo9\dy4\hr15\min22}{\version76}{\edmins118}{\nofpages23}{\nofwords895}{\nofchars5105}{\*\company  }{\nofcharsws0}{\vern8269}}\paperh5760 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0
\sectd \psz1\linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_AA_BOX}}}{
\b\f1\fs22 Antialiasing}{\b\f1\fs24 
\par }{\f1 Antialiasing-related settings.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\super #}{ }{\f1\cgrid0 HIDC_FSAA_LABEL}}}{
\b\f1 FSAA}{\b\f1\fs22  }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 None}{\f1 )
\par This allows you to select what level of full-scene antialiasing to use.  Note that if your video card does not support full-scene antialiasing, then }{\i\f1 None}{\f1 
 will be the only available item.  If your video card does support full-scene antialiasing, then all available FSAA modes should be available to choose from.
\par If you have an }{\f1\cgrid0 nVIDIA}{\f1\cgrid0 {\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 210 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\f1\cgrid0  video card with Quincunx support, then 2x Enhanced and 4x Enhanced should show up as options.  These use nVIDIA\rquote 
s advanced FSAA filter.}{\f1 \page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\super #}{ }{\f1\cgrid0 HIDC_FSAA_COMBO}}}{\b\f1 FSAA}{
\b\f1\fs22  }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 None}{\f1 )
\par This allows you to select what level of full-scene antialiasing to use.  Note that if your video card does not support full-scene antialiasing, then }{\i\f1 None}{\f1  will be the only available item.  If your video card does support
 full-scene antialiasing, then all available FSAA modes should be available to choose from.
\par If you have an }{\f1\cgrid0 nVIDIA}{\f1\cgrid0 {\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 210 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\f1\cgrid0  video card with Quincunx support, then 2x Enhanced and 4x Enhanced should show up as options.  These use nVIDIA\rquote 
s advanced FSAA filter.}{\f1 \page }{\cs16\f1\super\cgrid0 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_LINE_AA}}}{
\b\f1\fs22\cgrid0 Antialiased lines}{\b\f1\fs22  }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 Off}{\f1 )}{\b\f1\fs22\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1 Enabling this option causes lines to be drawn using antialiasing.  Line antialiasing can significantly improve the visual quality of lines, but it may significantly impact the frame rate.  This option may not have a visible
 effect if Full-scene Antialiasing is enabled.}{\f1\cgrid0 \page }{\cs16\f1\super\cgrid0 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1 
 HIDC_GENERAL_MISC_BOX}}}{\b\f1\fs22\cgrid0 Misc
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 Miscellaneous settings.\page }{\cs16\f1\super\cgrid0 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_PROCESS_LDCONFIG}}
}{\b\f1\fs22\cgrid0 Process ldconfig.ldr}{\b\f1\fs22  }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 On}{\f1 )}{\b\f1\fs22\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1 This controls whet
her or not LDView processes the ldconfig.ldr file that is now distributed as part of the LDraw parts library.  This file contains settings that can effect how LDraw models are displayed.  Currently the only settings it contains are color definitions.  Ena
bling this option will use the ldraw.org standard color definitions; disabling it will use the LDView default color definitions.}{\f1\cgrid0 \page }{\cs16\f1\super\cgrid0 #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_FRAME_RATE}}}{\b\f1\fs22\cgrid0 Show frame rate}{\b\f1\fs22  }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 Off}{\f1 )}{
\b\f1\fs22\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1 Enabling this option causes the frame rate to show up in the lower left-hand corner of the window. A number is only displayed while the model is in constant motion. The easiest way to do this is to spin it.}{\f1\cgrid0 \page }{\cs16\f1\super\cgrid0 
#{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_SHOW_ERRORS}}}{\b\f1\fs22\cgrid0 Show errors after loading}{\b\f1\fs22  }{\f1 
(Default: }{\i\f1 On}{\f1 )}{\f1\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1 Enabling this option causes the error window to automatically be displayed after loading a model that contains any errors that have been selected for display in the error window.\page }{\cs16\f1\super\cgrid0 #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_FOV_LABEL}}}{\b\f1\fs22\cgrid0 Field of view}{\b\f1\fs22  }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 45}{\f1 )}{\f1\cgrid0 

\par }{\f1 Enter a number in this field to control the field of view (in degrees).  Setting this to the minimum value of 0.1 will produce an image that is essentially orthographic.  Setting it to the maximum value of 90 will produce a wide-angle view.\page }{
\cs16\f1\super\cgrid0 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_FOV}}}{\b\f1\fs22\cgrid0 Field of view}{\b\f1\fs22  }{\f1 
(Default: }{\i\f1 45}{\f1 )}{\f1\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1 Enter a number in this field to control the field of view (in degrees).  Setting this to the minimum value of 0.1 will produce an image that is essentially orthographic.  Setting it to the maximum value of 90 will produce a wide-angle view.\page }{
\cs16\f1\super\cgrid0 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_FOV_RANGE_LABEL}}}{\b\f1\fs22\cgrid0 Field of view}{
\b\f1\fs22  }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 45}{\f1 )}{\f1\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1 Enter a number in this field to control the field of view (in degrees).  Setting this to the minimum value of 0.1 will produce an image that is essentially orthographic.  Setting it to the maximum value of 90 will produce a wide-angle view.\page }{
\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_FS_REFRESH}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Fullscreen refresh override }{\f1 (Default: 
}{\i\f1 Off}{\f1 )
\par Enabling this option allows you to override the default refresh rate used in fullscreen mode.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_FS_RATE}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Refresh rate }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 None}{\f1 )
\par Enter a number in this field for the desired fullscreen refresh rate. Please note that if the refresh rate you enter is not supported another refresh rate will be used.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cf6 WARNING}{\f1 :}{\b\f1  }{\f1 if you enter a value that is too high, and have told Windows that you have a monitor that is capable of higher refresh than what you actually have, you can damage your monitor.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_COLORS_BOX}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Colors}{\b\f1\fs24 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1 Color-related settings.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_BACKGROUND_COLOR}}}{\b\f1\fs22  Background }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 Black}{\f1 )}{
\par }{\f1 This allows you to set the color used to draw the background behind the model.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_BACKGROUND_COLOR_LABEL}}}{\b\f1\fs22  Background }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 Black}{\f1 )}{
\par }{\f1 This allows you to set the color used to draw the background behind the model.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1 \page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_DEFAULT_COLOR}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Default }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 Light Gray}{\f1 )
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1 
This allows you to set the default color.  Normally this is only visible when you load a part directly.  Most models don\rquote t ever use this color.
\par 
\par Note that edge lines on default-colored objects will be black unles
s you choose the exact RGB value used by one of the standard LDraw colors.  The default custom colors in the color panel correspond to the first 16 standard LDraw colors.  Resetting the General preferences also resets these colors.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #
{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_DEFAULT_COLOR_LABEL}}}{\b\f1\fs22  Default }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 Light Gray}{\f1 )}
{
\par }{\f1 This allows you to set the default color.  Normally this is only visible when you load a part directly.  Most models don\rquote t ever use this color.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1 Note that edge lines on default-colored objects will be black unless you cho
ose the exact RGB value used by one of the standard LDraw colors.  The default custom colors in the color panel correspond to the first 16 standard LDraw colors.  Resetting the General preferences also resets these colors.}{\page }{\cs16\f1\super #
{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_TRANS_DEFAULT_COLOR}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Transparent }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 Off}{\f1 )

\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1 Enabling this option causes default-colored items to be transparent.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_GENERAL_RESET}}}{\b\f1\fs22  Reset}{
\par }{\f1 This resets all the General preferences to their default values.  As with all other preference changes, you must hit OK or Apply for the reset values to go into effect.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1 \page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\super #}{ }{\f1\cgrid0 HIDC_MEMORY_LABEL}}}{\b\f1 Memory usage}{\b\f1\fs22  }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 High}{\f1 )
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1 
This allows you to have some control over how much memory LDView uses.  Normally, setting this to High will result in the best performance.  However, if you load a large mo
del that uses more memory than you have available, setting this to Medium or Low may improve performance.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1 
Please note that while the High setting usually results in noticeably faster performance than the Medium setting, it usually consumes only marginally more memory.  The Low setting should produce a much more considerable memory savings.\page }{
\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\super #}{ }{\f1\cgrid0 HIDC_MEMORY_COMBO}}}{\b\f1 Memory usage}{\b\f1\fs22  }{\f1 
(Default: }{\i\f1 High}{\f1 )
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1 
This allows you to have some control over how much memory LDView uses.  Normally, setting this to High will result in the best performance.  However, if you load a large model that uses more memory than you have available, setting this to Medium or Low ma
y improve performance.
\par 
\par Please note that while the High setting usually results in noticeably faster performance than the Medium setting, it usually consumes only marginally more memory.  The Low setting should produce a much more considerable memory savings.\page 
\par }}