{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1031{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f137\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f138\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f140\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f141\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f142\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f143\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f144\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f146\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f147\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}
{\f148\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext15 footnote text;}{\*\cs16 \additive \super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\*\cs17 \additive \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}{\*\cs18 \additive \ul\cf12 \sbasedon10 
FollowedHyperlink;}}{\info{\title HIDC_FSAA}{\author Travis Cobbs}{\operator Willy Tschager}{\creatim\yr2001\mo12\dy15\hr21\min25}{\revtim\yr2006\mo9\dy14\hr16\min12}{\version96}{\edmins0}{\nofpages26}{\nofwords757}{\nofchars4315}{\*\company  }
{\nofcharsws0}{\vern113}}\paperh5760\margl1417\margr1417\margt1417\margb1134 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot \fet0\sectd 
\psz1\linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_MODEL_BOX}}}{\b\f1\fs18 Model}{\b\f1\fs24 
\par }{\f1\fs16 Model-related settings.\page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super\cgrid0 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_SEAMS}}}{\b\f1\fs18 Seam Width }{\f1\fs16 (Default: }{\i\f1\fs16 On}{\f1\fs16 )

\par Enabling this option allows you to set the width of the seams between pieces using the up and down arrows to the right. This setting produces the same effect as the Seam Width option of L3P.
\par \page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\fs16\super #}{\fs16  }{\f1\fs16\cgrid0 HIDC_SEAM_WIDTH_FIELD}}}{\b\f1\fs18 Seam Width }{\f1\fs16 (Default: }{\i\f1\fs16 0.50}{\f1\fs16 )}{\f1\fs16\cgrid0 

\par This field displays the current seam width, if the Seam Width check box is checked.}{\f1\fs16  Use the arrows to set the seam width to a range of numbers between 0.00 and 5.00. Note that setting this to large values can produce extremely odd results.}{
\f1\fs16\cgrid0 
\par \page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super\cgrid0 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_SEAM_SPIN}}}{\b\f1\fs18 Seam Width }{\f1\fs16 (Default: }{\i\f1\fs16 0.50}{\f1\fs16 )}{\b\f1\fs18\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1\fs16\cgrid0 This field displays the current seam width, if the Seam Width check box is checked.}{\f1\fs16 
 Use the arrows to set the seam width to a range of numbers between 0.00 and 5.00. Note that setting this to large values can produce extremely odd results.}{\f1\fs16\cgrid0 
\par \page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super\cgrid0 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_WIREFRAME_BOX}}}{\b\f1\fs18\cgrid0 Wireframe
\par }{\f1\fs16 Wireframe-related settings.}{\f1\fs16\cgrid0 \page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super\cgrid0 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_WIREFRAME}}}{\b\f1\fs18\cgrid0 Wireframe}{\b\f1\fs18  }{
\f1\fs16 (Default: }{\i\f1\fs16 Off}{\f1\fs16 )}{\b\f1\fs18\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1\fs16 Enabling this option causes the model to be drawn in wireframe.  Note that with many 3D accelerators, this actually runs slower than when drawing as a solid.}{\f1\fs16\cgrid0 \page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super\cgrid0 #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_WIREFRAME_FOG}}}{\b\f1\fs18\cgrid0 Fog}{\b\f1\fs18  }{\f1\fs16 (Default: }{\i\f1\fs16 Off}{\f1\fs16 )}{\f1\fs16\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1\fs16 This option is only available if wireframe drawing is enabled.  Enabling it causes fog to be used to make it so that the lines that are farther away are drawn more dimly.\page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super\cgrid0 #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_REMOVE_HIDDEN_LINES}}}{\b\f1\fs18\cgrid0 Remove hidden lines}{\b\f1\fs18  }{\f1\fs16 (Default: }{\i\f1\fs16 Off}{\f1\fs16 )}{\f1\fs16\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1\fs16 This option is only available if wireframe drawing is enabled.  Enabling it causes the solid (non-transparent) portions of the model to hide lines that are behind them, even though these portions themselves aren\rquote t actually drawn.\page }{
\cs16\f1\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_WIREFRAME_THICKNESS_LABEL}}}{\b\f1\fs18 Thickness }{\f1\fs16 (Default: }{\i\f1\fs16 0%}{\f1\fs16 )
\par This option is only available if wireframe drawing is enabled.  It adjusts the thickness of the lines used to draw the model in wireframe mode.\page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super 
#}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_WIREFRAME_THICKNESS}}}{\b\f1\fs18 Thickness }{\f1\fs16 (Default: }{\i\f1\fs16 0%}{\f1\fs16 )
\par This option is only available if wireframe drawing is enabled.  It adjusts the thickness of the lines used to draw the model in wireframe mode.\page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super\cgrid0 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {
\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_EDGES_BOX}}}{\b\f1\fs18\cgrid0 Edge Lines
\par }{\f1\fs16 Edge line-related settings.}{\f1\fs16\cgrid0 \page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_HIGHLIGHTS}}}{\b\f1\fs18 Edge Lines }{\f1\fs16 (Default: }{
\i\f1\fs16 Off}{\f1\fs16 )
\par Enabling this option causes the edge lines that outline all the pieces to be drawn. It is recommended that you disable the seam width option if you enable this option.\page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright 
\fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_EDGES_ONLY}}}{\b\f1\fs18 Show edges only }{\f1\fs16 (Default: }{\i\f1\fs16 Off}{\f1\fs16 )
\par This option is only available if edge lines are enabled.  Ena
bling it causes LDView to only show edge lines.  Unless you also select the Wireframe option, the portions of the edge lines that are hidden by the model will still be hidden, even thought the model isn\rquote t being shown.\page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super #
{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_CONDITIONAL_HIGHLIGHTS}}}{\b\f1\fs18 Conditional lines }{\f1\fs16 (Default: }{\i\f1\fs16 Off}{\f1\fs16 )
\par This option is only available if edge lines are enabled.  Enabling it causes conditional edge lines to be computed and drawn.  Conditional edge lines show up as a silhouette of curved surfaces; they are only drawn when they are vi
sually at the edge of the surface from the current viewing angle.\page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_ALL_CONDITIONAL}}}{\b\f1\fs18 Show all }{\f1\fs16 (Default: 
}{\i\f1\fs16 Off}{\f1\fs16 )
\par This option is only 
available if edge lines and conditional lines are enabled.  Enabling it causes all conditional edge lines to be drawn, whether or not they are on a silhouette.  This option is primarily designed for part authors, since it is often difficult to notice miss
ing conditional lines.\page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_CONDITIONAL_CONTROLS}}}{\b\f1\fs18 Show control pts }{\f1\fs16 (Default: }{\i\f1\fs16 Off}{\f1\fs16 )

\par This option is only available if edge lines and conditional lines are enabled.  Enabling it causes lines to be drawn from the first point of each conditional line to each of
 its two control points.  This option is primarily designed for part authors, so they can verify that the control points are in the correct location.\page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {
\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_QUALITY_LINES}}}{\b\f1\fs18 High quality }{\f1\fs16 (Default: }{\i\f1\fs16 On}{\f1\fs16 )
\par This option is only available if edge lines are enabled.  Enabling it causes edge lines to be drawn slightly closer to the eye than everything else, resulting in much better looking lines.\page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_ALWAYS_BLACK}}}{\b\f1\fs18 Always black }{\f1\fs16 (Default: }{\i\f1\fs16 Off}{\f1\fs16 )
\par This option is only available if edge lines are enabled.  Enabling it causes all edge lines to be drawn in black.  This can be useful to part authors, as it causes the edge lines in the default color (light gray) to be much more visible.\page }{
\cs16\f1\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_EDGE_THICKNESS_LABEL}}}{\b\f1\fs18 Thickness }{\f1\fs16 (Default: }{\i\f1\fs16 0%}{\f1\fs16 )
\par This option is only available if edge lines are enabled.  It adjusts the thickness of the lines used to draw the edges around the pieces.\page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{
\f1\fs16  HIDC_EDGE_THICKNESS}}}{\b\f1\fs18 Thickness }{\f1\fs16 (Default: }{\i\f1\fs16 0%}{\f1\fs16 )
\par }\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f1\fs16 This option only has an effect while edge lines are enabled.  It adjusts the thickness of the lines used to draw the edges around the pieces.
\par \page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_GEOMETRY_RESET}}}{\b\f1\fs18  Reset}{\fs16 
\par }{\f1\fs16 This resets all the Geometry preferences to their default values.  As with all other preference changes, you must hit OK or Apply for the reset values to go into effect.
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f1\fs16 \page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_BFC_BOX}}}{\b\f1\fs18 BFC}{\b\f1\fs24 
\par }{\f1\fs16 BFC-related settings.\page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super\cgrid0 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_BFC}}}{\b\f1\fs18\cgrid0 BFC}{\b\f1\fs18  }{\f1\fs16 (Default: }{\i\f1\fs16 Off}{
\f1\fs16 )}{\b\f1\fs18\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1\fs16 Enabling this option turns on back-face culling (BFC).  BFC is a technique that can improve rendering performance by not drawing the back faces of polygons.  (Only BFC-certified parts have their back faces removed.)
\par 
\par Note that while this can improve rendering performance, it can also slow things down, so don't assume that enabling this will always result in the best performance.}{\f1\fs16\cgrid0 \page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super\cgrid0 #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_RED_BACK_FACES}}}{\b\f1\fs18\cgrid0 Red back faces}{\b\f1\fs18  }{\f1\fs16 (Default: }{\i\f1\fs16 Off}{\f1\fs16 )}{\f1\fs16\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1\fs16 This option is only available while BFC is enabled.  Enabling it causes the back faces of polygons to be drawn in red.  This is mainly useful for part authors to allow them to correctly specify which direction faces should face in order to BFC
 certify their part files.\page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super\cgrid0 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_GREEN_FRONT_FACES}}}{\b\f1\fs18\cgrid0 Green front faces}{\b\f1\fs18  }{\f1\fs16 (Default: }
{\i\f1\fs16 Off}{\f1\fs16 )}{\f1\fs16\cgrid0 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f1\fs16 This option is only available while BFC is enabled.  Enabling it causes the front faces of polygons to be drawn in green.  This is mainly useful for part authors to allow
 them to correctly specify which direction faces should face in order to BFC certify their part files.\page 
\par }}