{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1031{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f137\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f138\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f140\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f141\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f142\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f143\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f144\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f146\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f147\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}
{\f148\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext15 footnote text;}{\*\cs16 \additive \super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\*\cs17 \additive \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}}{\info{\title HIDC_FSAA}{\author Travis Cobbs}
{\operator Willy Tschager}{\creatim\yr2002\mo2\dy7\hr22\min4}{\revtim\yr2006\mo9\dy14\hr16\min15}{\version23}{\edmins0}{\nofpages12}{\nofwords431}{\nofchars2459}{\*\company  }{\nofcharsws0}{\vern113}}\paperh5760\margl1417\margr1417\margt1417\margb1134 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot \fet0\sectd \psz1\linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{
\f1\fs16  HIDC_PRIMITIVES_BOX}}}{\b\f1\fs18 Primitive substitution}{\b\f1\fs24 
\par }{\f1\fs16 Primitive-substitution related settings.\page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_PRIMITIVE_SUBSTITUTION}}}{\b\f1\fs16 P}{\b\f1\fs18 rimitive substitution }
{\f1\fs16 (Default: }{\i\f1\fs16 On}{\f1\fs16 )}{\b\f1\fs24 
\par }{\f1\fs16 
Enabling this option causes LDView to use its own optimized version of many of the primitives (such as cylinders, cones, etc). As well as providing enhanced performance, this also provides improved visual quality, since smooth shaded primitives are genera
ted where appropriate.\page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_TEXTURE_STUDS}}}{\b\f1\fs18 Texture studs }{\f1\fs16 (Default: }{\i\f1\fs16 On}{\f1\fs16 )
\par This option is only available if primitive substitution is enabled.  Enabling it causes a LEGO\'ae logo to be textured onto all the standard studs.\page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {
\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_TEXTURE_NEAREST}}}{\b\f1\fs18 Nearest filtering }{\f1\fs16 (Default?: }{\i\f1\fs16 No}{\f1\fs16 )
\par This option is only available if primitive substitution and texture studs are both enabled.  Selecting it causes nearest texel texture filtering to be used.  This is the lowest quality texture filtering.\page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_TEXTURE_BILINEAR}}}{\b\f1\fs18 Bilinear filtering }{\f1\fs16 (Default?: }{\i\f1\fs16 No}{\f1\fs16 )
\par This option is only available if primitive substitution and texture studs are both enabled.  Selecting it causes bilinear texture filtering to be used.  This is the middle quality texture filtering.\page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_TEXTURE_TRILINEAR}}}{\b\f1\fs18 Trilinear filtering }{\f1\fs16 (Default?: }{\i\f1\fs16 Yes}{\f1\fs16 )
\par This option is only available if primitive substitution and texture studs are both enabled.  Selecting it causes trilinear texture filtering to be used.  This is the highest quality texture filtering.\page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_CURVE_QUALITY_LABEL}}}{\b\f1\fs18 Curve quality }{\f1\fs16 (Default: }{\i\f1\fs16 9%}{\f1\fs16 )
\par This option is only available if primitive substitution is enabled.  It adjusts the quality of substituted primitives by changing the number of facets used to draw curved primitives.  Changing this from its default value can 
lead to holes in the model between the substitute primitives and other geometry.  Be very careful with this setting.  Setting it too high can lead to huge slow-downs.  The default setting of 2 (9%) is fine for most models.\page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super #
{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_CURVE_QUALITY}}}{\b\f1\fs18 Curve quality }{\f1\fs16 (Default: }{\i\f1\fs16 9%}{\f1\fs16 )
\par This option is only available if primitive substitution is enabled.  It adjusts the quality of substituted primitives by changing the number of facets used to draw curved primitives.  Changing this from its default value can lead to holes 
in the model between the substitute primitives and other geometry.  Be very careful with this setting.  Setting it too high can lead to huge slow-downs.  The default setting of 2 (9%) is fine for most models.\page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super\cgrid0 #{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_PRIMITIVES_MISC_BOX}}}{\b\f1\fs18\cgrid0 Misc
\par }{\f1\fs16\cgrid0 Miscellaneous settings.\page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\fs16\super #}{\fs16  }{\f1\fs16\cgrid0 HIDC_STUD_QUALITY}}}{\b\f1\fs18 Low quality studs (faster) }{\f1\fs16 
(Default: }{\i\f1\fs16 On}{\f1\fs16 )}{\b\f1\fs18 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f1\fs16 Enabling this option switches to using the low-resolution stud files instead of the normal-resolution stud files}{\f1\fs16\cgrid0 .  This can produce significantly faster rendering.
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f1\fs16\cgrid0 \page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\fs16\super #}{\fs16  }{\f1\fs16\cgrid0 HIDC_HI_RES}}}{\b\f1\fs18 
Use hi-res primitives when available
\par }{\f1\fs16 (Default: }{\i\f1\fs16 Off}{\f1\fs16 )
\par }{\b\f1\fs18 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f1\fs16 
Enabling this option causes LDView to attempt to load hi-res versions of primitives before loading the standard ones.  The hi-res primitives are otherwise known as 48-sided primitives, because they approximate circular features with 48-sided features.}{
\f1\fs16\cgrid0 
\par \page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_PRIMITIVES_RESET}}}{\b\f1\fs18  Reset}{\fs16 
\par }{\f1\fs16 This resets all the Primitives preferences to their default values.  As with all other preference changes, you must hit OK or Apply for the reset values to go into effect.
\par }}