{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f119\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f120\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f122\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f123\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f124\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f125\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f126\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f127\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}
{\f128\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f130\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f131\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f132\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f133\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f134\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 
footnote text;}{\*\cs16 \additive \super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\*\cs17 \additive \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}{\*\cs18 \additive \ul\cf12 \sbasedon10 FollowedHyperlink;}}{\info{\author Travis Cobbs}{\operator Travis Cobbs}
{\creatim\yr2001\mo12\dy16\hr17\min50}{\revtim\yr2004\mo9\dy26\hr22\min9}{\version70}{\edmins139}{\nofpages15}{\nofwords682}{\nofchars3891}{\*\company  }{\nofcharsws4778}{\vern8269}}\paperh5760 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0
\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1 
 HIDC_SAVE_SERIES_BOX}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Save snapshot series}{\f1 
\par Snapshot series related settings.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_SAVE_SERIES}}}{\b\f1\fs22 
Save snapshot series }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 On}{\f1 )
\par Enabling this option causes a unique number to automatically be appended to the filename.  }{\f1 This allows you to save a number of }{\f1 shots of the same model without }{\f1 having to enter a new filename each time.}{\f1 \page }{\cs16\f1\super #
{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_SAVE_DIGITS_LABEL}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Number of Digits }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 1}{\f1 )

\par This option is only available when save snapshot series is enabled.  It controls }{\f1 the number of digits in the number that is append}{\f1 ed to the filename.  Zeroes are }{\f1 added before the number to make up the number }{\f1 
of digits you select here.  For }{\f1 example, if you select 3 here, and the number is }{\f1 5, then 005 will be used in the }{\f1 filename instead of just 5.}{\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_SAVE_DIGITS}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Number of Digits }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 1}{\f1 )
\par This option is only available when save snapshot series is enabled.  It controls }{\f1 the number of digits in the number that is append}{\f1 ed to the filename.  Zeroes are }{\f1 added before the number to make up the number }{\f1 
of digits you select here.  For }{\f1 example, if you select 3 here, and the number is }{\f1 5, then 005 will be used in the }{\f1 filename instead of just 5.}{\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_SAVE_DIGITS_SPIN}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Number of Digits }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 1}{\f1 )
\par This option is only available when save snapshot series is enabled.  It controls }{\f1 the number of digits in the number that is append}{\f1 ed to the filename.  Zeroes are }{\f1 added before the number to make up the number }{\f1 
of digits you select here.  For }{\f1 example, if you select 3 here, and the number is }{\f1 5, then 005 will be used in the }{\f1 filename instead of just 5.}{\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_MISC_BOX}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Misc}{\f1 
\par Miscellaneous settings.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_IGNORE_PBUFFER}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Don
\rquote t use Pixel Buffer }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 Off}{\f1 )
\par Enabling this option disables the use of a pixel buffer for snapshot rendering.  Use of a pixel buffer can result in a corrupt image on certain video cards with certain video drivers.  If your snapshots are corrupted, enable this.  Otherwise, lea
ve it disabled.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_SAVE_ACTUAL_SIZE}}}{\b\f1\fs22 
Save image with specific size }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 Off}{\f1 )
\par }{\f1 Enabling this option allows you to specify a wi}{\f1 dth and height for the snapshot }{\f1 image.  Otherwise, the snapshot created will }{\f1 have the same dimensions as the }{\f1 LDView window.}{\f1 \page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_SAVE_ACTUAL_SIZE_BOX}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Save image with specific size}{\f1 
\par Options related to the image size.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_SAVE_WIDTH_LABEL}}}{
\b\f1\fs22 Width }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 1024}{\f1 )
\par }{\f1 This option is only available when save image wit}{\f1 h specific size is enabled.  It }{\f1 sets }{\f1 the }{\f1 width (in pixels) of the resulting snapshot image.}{\f1 
\par 
\par }{\f1 Note that if this is bigger than a certain th}{\f1 reshold (which differs from one }{\f1 video card to another), a number of tiles will be}{\f1  rendered and stitched together }{\f1 automatically to form the full image.  This may }{\f1 
cause the actual image width to }{\f1 be slightly less than the requested width due to rounding.}{\f1 
\par 
\par }{\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_SAVE_WIDTH}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Width }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 1024
}{\f1 )
\par }{\f1 This option is only available when save image wit}{\f1 h specific size is enabled.  It }{\f1 sets }{\f1 the }{\f1 width (in pixels) of the resulting snapshot image.}{\f1 
\par 
\par }{\f1 Note that if this is bigger than a certain th}{\f1 reshold (which differs from one }{\f1 video card to another), a number of tiles will be}{\f1  rendered and stitched together }{\f1 automatically to form the full image.  This may }{\f1 
cause the actual image width to }{\f1 be slightly less than the requested width due to rounding.}{\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_SAVE_HEIGHT_LABEL}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Height }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 768}{\f1 )
\par }{\f1 This option is only available when save image wit}{\f1 h specific size is enabled.  It }{\f1 sets }{\f1 the height}{\f1  (in pixels) of the resulting snapshot image.}{\f1 
\par 
\par }{\f1 Note that if this is bigger than a certain th}{\f1 reshold (which differs from one }{\f1 video card to another), a number of tiles will be}{\f1  rendered and stitched together }{\f1 automatically to form the full image.  This may }{\f1 
cause the actual image width to }{\f1 be slightly less than the requested width due to rounding.}{\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_SAVE_HEIGHT}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Height }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 768}{\f1 )
\par }{\f1 This option is only available when save image wit}{\f1 h specific size is enabled.  It }{\f1 sets }{\f1 the height}{\f1  (in pixels) of the resulting snapshot image.}{\f1 
\par 
\par }{\f1 Note that if this is bigger than a certain th}{\f1 reshold (which differs from one }{\f1 video card to another), a number of tiles will be}{\f1  rendered and stitched together }{\f1 automatically to form the full image.  This may }{\f1 
cause the actual image width to }{\f1 be slightly less than the requested width due to rounding.}{\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_SAVE_ZOOMTOFIT}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Zoom to fit }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 Off}{\f1 )
\par This option is only available when save image with specific size is enabled.  Enabling it causes the model to be zoomed to fill up the snapshot, as much as }{\f1 possible.  (Most models will only fill t}{\f1 he image in either the vertical }{\f1 
direction or the horizontal direction, but no}{\f1 t both.)  Note that the viewing }{\f1 angle is left the same, but the model may be panned so that it fits best.}{\f1 
\par 
\par The reason this requires the }{\i\f1 Sa}{\i\f1 ve image with specific size}{\f1  }{\f1 check box to be checked is that when you save wi}{\f1 th a different aspect ratio, it }{\f1 can effect the cropping of the model.  When creating a snapshot the same siz
}{\f1 e }{\f1 as the LDView window, you can position the model }{\f1 exactly like you want manually, }{\f1 and are free to use }{\i\f1 Zoom to Fit}{\f1  on the View menu prior to taking your}{\f1  }{\f1 snapshot to produce the same result.}{
\par }}