{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1031{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f137\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f138\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f140\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f141\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f142\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f143\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f144\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f146\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f147\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}
{\f148\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext15 footnote text;}{\*\cs16 \additive \super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\*\cs17 \additive \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}}{\info{\title HIDC_FSAA}{\author Travis Cobbs}
{\operator Willy Tschager}{\creatim\yr2002\mo2\dy7\hr22\min4}{\revtim\yr2006\mo9\dy14\hr16\min15}{\version38}{\edmins0}{\nofpages15}{\nofwords369}{\nofchars2106}{\*\company  }{\nofcharsws0}{\vern113}}\paperh5760\margl1417\margr1417\margt1417\margb1134 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot \fet0\sectd \psz1\linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{
\f1\fs16  HIDC_SS_FILENAME_RADIO}}}{\b\f1\fs18 File}{\b\f1\fs24 
\par }{\f1\fs16 Select this to have the LDView Screen Saver always display a specific file.  Use the }{\i\f1\fs16 Browse}{\f1\fs16  button to the right to select the file.\page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright 
\fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_SS_FILENAME_FIELD}}}{\b\f1\fs18 File}{\b\f1\fs24 
\par }{\f1\fs16 This shows the filename of the LDraw model that will be loaded and displayed by the LDView Screen Saver, as long as the }{\i\f1\fs16 File}{\f1\fs16  radio button is selected.  Use the }{\i\f1\fs16 Browse}{\f1\fs16 
 button to the right to select the file.\page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_SS_BROWSE_FILE_BUTTON}}}{\b\f1\fs18 Browse}{\b\f1\fs24 
\par }{\f1\fs16 Use this to select the file that the LDView Screen Saver will display.\page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_SS_DIRECTORY_RADIO}}}{\b\f1\fs18 Directory}{
\b\f1\fs24 
\par }{\f1\fs16 Select this to have the LDView Screen Saver randomly select a model file from the specified directory each time it runs.  The file will be randomly selected from all the DAT, MPD, and LDR files in the directory.  Use the }{\i\f1\fs16 Browse}{
\f1\fs16  button to the right to select the directory.\page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_SS_DIRECTORY_FIELD}}}{\b\f1\fs18 Directory}{\b\f1\fs24 
\par }{\f1\fs16 This shows the selected directory containing LDraw models.  As long as the }{\i\f1\fs16 Directory}{\f1\fs16  radio button is selected, a model will be randomly selected from this directory each time the LDView Screen Saver runs.  Use the }{
\i\f1\fs16 Browse}{\f1\fs16  button to the right to select the directory.\page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_SS_BROWSE_DIR_BUTTON}}}{\b\f1\fs18 Browse}{
\b\f1\fs24 
\par }{\f1\fs16 Use this to select the directory that the LDView Screen Saver look in for models.\page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_SS_SIZE_BOX}}}{\b\f1\fs18 Size}{
\b\f1\fs24 
\par }{\f1\fs16 Use this to control how large the model that is displayed by the LDView Screen Saver will be.\page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_SS_SIZE_SLIDER}}}{
\b\f1\fs18 Size}{\b\f1\fs24 
\par }{\f1\fs16 Use this to control how large the model that is displayed by the LDView Screen Saver will be.\page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_SS_SPEED_BOX}}}{
\b\f1\fs18 Speed}{\b\f1\fs24 
\par }{\f1\fs16 Use this to control how fast the model that is displayed by the LDView Screen Saver moves.\page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_SS_SPEED_SLIDER}}}{
\b\f1\fs18 Speed}{\b\f1\fs24 
\par }{\f1\fs16 Use this to control how fast the model that is displayed by the LDView Screen Saver moves.\page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_SS_ROTATION_SPEED_BOX}}}
{\b\f1\fs18 Rotation Speed}{\b\f1\fs24 
\par }{\f1\fs16 Use this to control how fast the model that is displayed by the LDView Screen Saver rotates.\page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16 
 HIDC_SS_ROTATION_SPEED_SLIDER}}}{\b\f1\fs18 Rotation Speed}{\b\f1\fs24 
\par }{\f1\fs16 Use this to control how fast the model that is displayed by the LDView Screen Saver rotates.\page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_SS_RANDOM_PREF_SET}}}{
\b\f1\fs18 Random Preference Set}{\b\f1\fs24 
\par }{\f1\fs16 Causes the screen saver to randomly choose a preference set each time it runs.  Since the file/directory choice is part of the preference set, this also allows you to have different models displayed with different settings.\page }{
\cs16\f1\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_SS_SLEEP}}}{\b\f1\fs18 Sleep Mode work-around}{\b\f1\fs24 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f1\fs16 This will only be enabled if it is supported by your operating system.  Check this if your system won\rquote 
t go into sleep mode when using the LDView Screen Saver, even though it is set to go into sleep mode.  It may solve the problem.
\par Note that if you have a screen saver password set and use this, you will have a blank screen if you wake the computer up from sleep mode and then cancel the password prompt.\page }{\cs16\f1\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright 
\fs20\cgrid {\cs16\f1\fs16\super #}{\f1\fs16  HIDC_SS_RESET}}}{\b\f1\fs18  Reset}{\f1\fs16 
\par This resets all the Screen Saver preferences to their default values.  As with all other preference changes, you must hit OK or Apply for the reset values to go into effect.
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f1\fs16 
\par }}