{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f32\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f33\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f35\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f36\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f37\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f38\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f39\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f40\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f41\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f43\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f44\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f45\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f46\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 
Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 footnote text;}{\*\cs16 \additive \super \sbasedon10 
footnote reference;}{\*\cs17 \additive \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}{\*\cs18 \additive \ul\cf12 \sbasedon10 FollowedHyperlink;}}{\info{\title HIDC_FSAA}{\author Travis Cobbs}{\operator Travis Cobbs}{\creatim\yr2001\mo12\dy15\hr21\min25}
{\revtim\yr2006\mo9\dy4\hr15\min10}{\version95}{\edmins257}{\nofpages26}{\nofwords757}{\nofchars4315}{\*\company  }{\nofcharsws0}{\vern8269}}\paperh5760 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0
\sectd \psz1\linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_MODEL_BOX}}}
{\b\f1\fs22 Model}{\b\f1\fs24 
\par }{\f1 Model-related settings.\page }{\cs16\f1\super\cgrid0 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_SEAMS}}}{\b\f1\fs22 
Seam Width }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 On}{\f1 )
\par Enabling this option allows you to set the width of the seams between pieces using the up and down arrows to the right. This setting produces the same effect as the Seam Width option of L3P.
\par \page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\super #}{ }{\f1\cgrid0 HIDC_SEAM_WIDTH_FIELD}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Seam Width }{\f1 
(Default: }{\i\f1 0.50}{\f1 )}{\f1\cgrid0 
\par This field displays the current seam width, if the Seam Width check box is checked.}{\f1  Use the arrows to set the seam width to a range of numbers between 0.00 and 5.00. Note that setting this to large values can produce extremely odd results.}{
\f1\cgrid0 
\par \page }{\cs16\f1\super\cgrid0 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_SEAM_SPIN}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Seam Width }{\f1 (Default: }{
\i\f1 0.50}{\f1 )}{\b\f1\fs22\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 This field displays the current seam width, if the Seam Width check box is checked.}{\f1 
 Use the arrows to set the seam width to a range of numbers between 0.00 and 5.00. Note that setting this to large values can produce extremely odd results.}{\f1\cgrid0 
\par \page }{\cs16\f1\super\cgrid0 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_WIREFRAME_BOX}}}{\b\f1\fs22\cgrid0 Wireframe
\par }{\f1 Wireframe-related settings.}{\f1\cgrid0 \page }{\cs16\f1\super\cgrid0 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1 
 HIDC_WIREFRAME}}}{\b\f1\fs22\cgrid0 Wireframe}{\b\f1\fs22  }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 Off}{\f1 )}{\b\f1\fs22\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1 Enabling this option causes the model to be drawn in wireframe.  Note that with many 3D accelerators, this actually runs slower than when drawing as a solid.}{\f1\cgrid0 \page }{\cs16\f1\super\cgrid0 #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_WIREFRAME_FOG}}}{\b\f1\fs22\cgrid0 Fog}{\b\f1\fs22  }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 Off}{\f1 )}{\f1\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1 This option is only available if wireframe drawing is enabled.  Enabling it causes fog to be used to make it so that the lines that are farther away are drawn more dimly.\page }{\cs16\f1\super\cgrid0 #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_REMOVE_HIDDEN_LINES}}}{\b\f1\fs22\cgrid0 Remove hidden lines}{\b\f1\fs22  }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 Off}{\f1 )
}{\f1\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1 This option is only available if wireframe drawing is enabled.  Enabling it causes the solid (non-transparent) portions of the model to hide lines that are behind them, even though these portions themselves aren\rquote t actually drawn.\page }{
\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_WIREFRAME_THICKNESS_LABEL}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Thickness }{\f1 (Default: }{
\i\f1 0%}{\f1 )
\par This option is only available if wireframe drawing is enabled.  It adjusts the thickness of the lines used to draw the model in wireframe mode.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_WIREFRAME_THICKNESS}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Thickness }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 0%}{\f1 )
\par This option is only available if wireframe drawing is enabled.  It adjusts the thickness of the lines used to draw the model in wireframe mode.\page }{\cs16\f1\super\cgrid0 #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_EDGES_BOX}}}{\b\f1\fs22\cgrid0 Edge Lines
\par }{\f1 Edge line-related settings.}{\f1\cgrid0 \page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_HIGHLIGHTS}}}{
\b\f1\fs22 Edge Lines }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 Off}{\f1 )
\par Enabling this option causes the edge lines that outline all the pieces to be drawn. It is recommended that you disable the seam width option if you enable this option.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_EDGES_ONLY}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Show edges only }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 Off}{\f1 )
\par This option is only available if edge lin
es are enabled.  Enabling it causes LDView to only show edge lines.  Unless you also select the Wireframe option, the portions of the edge lines that are hidden by the model will still be hidden, even thought the model isn\rquote t being shown.\page }{
\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_CONDITIONAL_HIGHLIGHTS}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Conditional lines }{\f1 
(Default: }{\i\f1 Off}{\f1 )
\par This option is only available if edge lines are enabled.  Enabling it causes conditional edge lines to be computed and drawn.  Conditional edge lines show up as a silhouette of curved surfaces; they are only drawn when they are visually at the edge of the
 surface from the current viewing angle.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_ALL_CONDITIONAL}}}{
\b\f1\fs22 Show all }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 Off}{\f1 )
\par This option is only available if edge lines and conditional lines are enabled.  Enabling it causes all conditional edge lines to be drawn, whether or not they are on a 
silhouette.  This option is primarily designed for part authors, since it is often difficult to notice missing conditional lines.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_CONDITIONAL_CONTROLS}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Show control points }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 Off}{\f1 )
\par This option is only available if edge lines and conditional lines
 are enabled.  Enabling it causes lines to be drawn from the first point of each conditional line to each of its two control points.  This option is primarily designed for part authors, so they can verify that the control points are in the correct locatio
n.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_QUALITY_LINES}}}{\b\f1\fs22 High quality }{\f1 (Default: }{
\i\f1 On}{\f1 )
\par This option is only available if edge lines are enabled.  Enabling it causes edge lines to be drawn slightly closer to the eye than everything else, resulting in much better looking lines.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_ALWAYS_BLACK}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Always black }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 Off}{\f1 )
\par This option is only available if edge lines are enabled.  Enabling it causes all edge lines to be drawn in black.  This can be useful to part authors, as it causes the edge lines in the default color (light gray) to be much more visible.\page }{
\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_EDGE_THICKNESS_LABEL}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Thickness }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 
0%}{\f1 )
\par This option is only available if edge lines are enabled.  It adjusts the thickness of the lines used to draw the edges around the pieces.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_EDGE_THICKNESS}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Thickness }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 0%}{\f1 )
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1 
This option only has an effect while edge lines are enabled.  It adjusts the thickness of the lines used to draw the edges around the pieces.
\par \page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_GEOMETRY_RESET}}}{\b\f1\fs22  Reset}{
\par }{\f1 This resets all the Geometry preferences to their default values.  As with all other preference changes, you must hit OK or Apply for the reset values to go into effect.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1 \page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_BFC_BOX}}}{\b\f1\fs22 BFC}{\b\f1\fs24 
\par }{\f1 BFC-related settings.\page }{\cs16\f1\super\cgrid0 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_BFC}}}{\b\f1\fs22\cgrid0 
BFC}{\b\f1\fs22  }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 Off}{\f1 )}{\b\f1\fs22\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1 Enabling this option turns on back-face culling (BFC).  BFC is a technique that can improve rendering performance by not drawing the back faces of polygons.  (Only BFC-certified parts have their back faces removed.)
\par 
\par Note that while this can improve rendering performance, it can also slow things down, so don't assume that enabling this will always result in the best performance.}{\f1\cgrid0 \page }{\cs16\f1\super\cgrid0 #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_RED_BACK_FACES}}}{\b\f1\fs22\cgrid0 Red back faces}{\b\f1\fs22  }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 Off}{\f1 )}{
\f1\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1 This option is only available while BFC is enabled.  Enabling it causes the back faces of polygons to be drawn in red.  This is mainly useful for part authors to
 allow them to correctly specify which direction faces should face in order to BFC certify their part files.\page }{\cs16\f1\super\cgrid0 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_GREEN_FRONT_FACES}}}{\b\f1\fs22\cgrid0 Green front faces}{\b\f1\fs22  }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 Off}{\f1 )}{\f1\cgrid0 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1 This optio
n is only available while BFC is enabled.  Enabling it causes the front faces of polygons to be drawn in green.  This is mainly useful for part authors to allow them to correctly specify which direction faces should face in order to BFC certify their part
 files.\page 
\par }}