{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f32\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f33\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f35\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f36\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f37\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f38\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f39\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f40\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f41\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f43\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f44\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f45\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f46\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 
Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 footnote text;}{\*\cs16 \additive \super \sbasedon10 
footnote reference;}{\*\cs17 \additive \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}}{\info{\title HIDC_FSAA}{\author Travis Cobbs}{\operator Travis Cobbs}{\creatim\yr2002\mo2\dy7\hr22\min4}{\revtim\yr2007\mo3\dy10\hr14\min48}{\version25}{\edmins31}{\nofpages15}
{\nofwords562}{\nofchars3209}{\*\company  }{\nofcharsws0}{\vern8269}}\paperh5760 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0
\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \psz1\linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_PRIMITIVES_BOX}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Primitive substitution}{\b\f1\fs24 
\par }{\f1 Primitive-substitution related settings.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1 
 HIDC_PRIMITIVE_SUBSTITUTION}}}{\b\f1 P}{\b\f1\fs22 rimitive substitution }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 On}{\f1 )}{\b\f1\fs24 
\par }{\f1 
Enabling this option causes LDView to use its own optimized version of many of the primitives (such as cylinders, cones, etc). As well as providing enhanced performance, this also provides improved visual quality, since smooth shaded primitives are genera
ted where appropriate.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_TEXTURE_STUDS}}}{\b\f1\fs22 
Texture studs }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 On}{\f1 )
\par This option is only available if primitive substitution is enabled.  Enabling it causes a LEGO\'ae logo to be textured onto all the standard studs.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_TEXTURE_NEAREST}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Nearest filtering }{\f1 (Default?: }{\i\f1 No}{\f1 )
\par This option is only available if primitive substitution and texture studs are both enabled.  Selecting it causes nearest texel texture filtering to be used.  This is the lowest quality texture filtering.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_TEXTURE_BILINEAR}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Bilinear filtering }{\f1 (Default?: }{\i\f1 No}{\f1 )
\par This option is only available if primitive substitution and texture studs are both enabled.  Selecting it causes bilinear texture filtering to be used.  This has higher quality than nearest filtering, and lower quality than trilinear filtering.\page }{
\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_TEXTURE_TRILINEAR}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Trilinear filtering }{\f1 (Default?: 
}{\i\f1 Yes}{\f1 )
\par This option is only available if primitive substitution and texture studs are both enabled.  Selecting it causes trilinear texture filtering to be used.  This has higher quality than bilinear filtering, and lower quality than anisotropic filtering.\page }
{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_TEXTURE_ANISO}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Anisotropic filtering }{\f1 (Default?: }
{\i\f1 No}{\f1 )
\par This option is only available if primitive substitution and texture studs are both enabled, and your video card supports it.  Se
lecting it causes anisotropic texture filtering to be used.  When anisotropic filtering is selected, you can pick the filtering level on the slider to the right of the radio button.  This is the highest quality texture filtering.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #
{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_ANISO_LEVEL}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Anisotropic filtering level }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 Off}{
\f1 )
\par This option is only available if primitive substitution and texture studs are both enabled, and anisotropic filtering is selected as the filtering type.  It adjusts the anisotropic filtering level.  Higher numbers produce higher quality filtering.\page }{
\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_ANISO_LEVEL_LABEL}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Anisotropic filtering level }{\f1 
(Default: }{\i\f1 Off}{\f1 )
\par This option is only available if primitive substitution and texture studs are both enabled, and anisotropic filtering is selected as the filtering type.  It adjusts the anisotropic filtering level.  Higher numbers produce higher quality filtering.\page }{
\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_CURVE_QUALITY_LABEL}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Curve quality }{\f1 (Default: }{
\i\f1 9%}{\f1 )
\par This option is only available if primitive substitution is enabled.  It adjusts the quality of substituted primitives by changing the number of facets used to draw curved primitives.  Changing this from its default value can lead to hol
es in the model between the substitute primitives and other geometry.  Be very careful with this setting.  Setting it too high can lead to huge slow-downs.  The default setting of 2 (9%) is fine for most models.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_CURVE_QUALITY}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Curve quality }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 9%}{\f1 )
\par This option is only available if primitive substitution is enabled.  It adjusts the quality of substituted primitives by changing the number of facets used to draw curved primitives.  Changing this from its default value can lead to holes in 
the model between the substitute primitives and other geometry.  Be very careful with this setting.  Setting it too high can lead to huge slow-downs.  The default setting of 2 (9%) is fine for most models.\page }{\cs16\f1\super\cgrid0 #{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_PRIMITIVES_MISC_BOX}}}{\b\f1\fs22\cgrid0 Misc
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 Miscellaneous settings.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\super #}{ }{\f1\cgrid0 HIDC_STUD_QUALITY}}}{
\b\f1\fs22 Low quality studs (faster) }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 On}{\f1 )}{\b\f1\fs22 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1 Enabling this option switches to using the low-resolution stud files instead of the normal-resolution stud files}{
\f1\cgrid0 .  This can produce significantly faster rendering.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\cgrid0 \page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\super #}{ }{\f1\cgrid0 HIDC_HI_RES}}}{\b\f1\fs22 Use hi-res primitives when available
\par }{\f1 (Default: }{\i\f1 Off}{\f1 )
\par }{\b\f1\fs22 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1 
Enabling this option causes LDView to attempt to load hi-res versions of primitives before loading the standard ones.  The hi-res primitives are otherwise known as 48-sided primitives, because they approximate circular features with 48-sided features.}{
\f1\cgrid0 
\par \page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs16\f1\super #}{\f1  HIDC_PRIMITIVES_RESET}}}{\b\f1\fs22  Reset}{
\par }{\f1 This resets all the Primitives preferences to their default values.  As with all other preference changes, you must hit OK or Apply for the reset values to go into effect.
\par }}